[Logs] FAQ revamp (#1676)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/logs/src/content/faq/index.md

### Can I adjust how often logs are pushed?

No. Cloudflare pushes logs in batches as soon as possible.

### My job was accidentally turned off, and I didn’t receive my logs for a certain time period. Can they still be pushed to me?

No. **Logpush** only pushes the logs once as they become available and is unable to backfill. However, the logs are stored for at least 72 hours and can be downloaded using the **Logpull API**.

### Why am I receiving a validating destination error while setting up a Splunk job? 
You could be seeing this error for multiple reasons:
* The Splunk endpoint URL is not correct. Cloudflare only supports Splunk HEC raw endpoint over HTTPS.
* The Splunk authentication token is not correct. Be sure to URL-encode the token. For example, use "%20" for a whitespace.

> * The certificate for Splunk Server is not properly configured. Certificates generated by Splunk/third party certificates should have the Common Name field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <your-instance>.splunkcloud.com.`

Reviewer: Maybe "third-party certificates".

### What is the insecure-skip-verify parameter in Splunk jobs?

> This flag, if set to true, makes an insecure connection to Splunk. Setting this value to true is equivalent to using the `-k` option with curl as shown in Splunk examples and is NOT recommended. Cloudflare highly recommends setting this flag to false when using the `insecure-skip-verify` parameter.

Reviewer: I'd probably use "**not**" in bold instead of all-caps, but it's probably a personal preference. We should have something about these mid-sentence highlights in the style guide.

### Why do we have the insecure-skip-verify parameter in Splunk jobs if it is not recommended?

> Certificates generated by Splunk/third party certificates should have the Common Name field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <your-instance>.splunkcloud.com.` This happens especially with the default certificates generated by Splunk on startup. Pushes will never succeed unless the certificates are fixed.

Reviewer: Maybe "third-party certificates".

The proper way to resolve the issue is to fix the certificates. This flag is only here for those rare scenarios when it is not possible to have access or permissions to fix the certificates, like with the Splunk cloud instances, which don’t allow changing Splunk server configurations.

### How can I verify that my Splunk HEC is working correctly before setting up a job?
Ensure that you can publish events to your Splunk instance through `curl` without the `-k` flag and with the `insecure-skip-verify` parameter set to `false` as in the following example: 

```bash
curl  "https://<SPLUNK-ENDPOINT-URL>?channel=<SPLUNK-CHANNEL-ID>&insecure-skip-verify=<INSECURE-SKIP-VERIFY>&sourcetype=<SOURCE-TYPE>" \
   -H "Authorization: Splunk <SPLUNK-AUTH-TOKEN>" \
   -d '{"BotScore":99,"BotScoreSrc":"Machine Learning","CacheCacheStatus":"miss","CacheResponseBytes":2478}'

> {"text":"Success","code":0}%

Reviewer: Not sure if the `%` should be there at the end of the sentence.

No. Cloudflare pushes logs in batches as soon as possible.

### My job was accidentally turned off, and I did not receive my logs for a certain time period. Can they still be pushed to me?

No. **Logpush** only pushes the logs once as they become available and is unable to backfill. However, the logs are stored for at least 72 hours and can be downloaded using the **Logpull API**.

### Why am I receiving a validating destination error while setting up a Splunk job? 
You could be seeing this error for multiple reasons:
* The Splunk endpoint URL is not correct. Cloudflare only supports Splunk HEC raw endpoint over HTTPS.
* The Splunk authentication token is not correct. Be sure to URL-encode the token. For example, use "%20" for a whitespace.
* The certificate for Splunk Server is not properly configured. Certificates generated by Splunk/third-party certificates should have the Common Name field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <your-instance>.splunkcloud.com.`

### What is the insecure-skip-verify parameter in Splunk jobs?

> This flag, if set to `true`, makes an insecure connection to Splunk. Setting this value to ``true`` is equivalent to using the `-k` option with ``curl`` as shown in Splunk examples and is **not** recommended. Cloudflare highly recommends setting this flag to ``false` when using the `insecure-skip-verify` parameter.

Reviewer 2: Any reason for double ` `` ` (same for below and `splunk` section)?
The last `false` seems to have unmatching close.

Author: just me being incompetent - addressing in separate tiny PR

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the fix!

### Why do we have the insecure-skip-verify parameter in Splunk jobs if it is not recommended?
Certificates generated by Splunk/third-party certificates should have the Common Name field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <your-instance>.splunkcloud.com.` This happens especially with the default certificates generated by Splunk on startup. Pushes will never succeed unless the certificates are fixed.

> The proper way to resolve the issue is to fix the certificates. This flag is only here for those rare scenarios when it is not possible to have access or permissions to fix the certificates, like with the Splunk cloud instances, which don’t allow changing Splunk server configurations.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
The proper way to resolve the issue is to fix the certificates. This flag is only here for those rare scenarios when it is not possible to have access or permissions to fix the certificates, like with the Splunk cloud instances, which do not allow changing Splunk server configurations.
```
